Initialise a proper readme for SCAN (#816)
inrupt/solid-client-authn-js: packages/node/README.md

# Solid JavaScript authentication for Node.js - solid-client-authn-node

> `solid-client-authn-node` is a library designed to authenticate web apps (in the browser) with Solid identity servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`solid-client-authn-node` is a library designed to authenticate Node.js apps (both scripts and full-blown Web servers) with Solid identity servers.
```
